MNTOR-2250: add additional GH PR checklist for flags (#4604)
mozilla/blurts-server: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!-- The following is intended to be helpful to you. Feel free to remove anything that is not. -->

# References:

Jira: MNTOR-
Figma:

<!-- When adding a new feature: -->

# Description

# Screenshot (if applicable)

Not applicable.

# How to test

# Checklist (Definition of Done)

- [ ] Localization strings (if needed) have been added.
- [ ] Commits in this PR are minimal and [have descriptive commit messages](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/).
- [ ] I've added or updated the relevant sections in readme and/or code comments
- [ ] I've added a unit test to test for potential regressions of this bug.

> - [ ] This PR requires a feature flag or experimentation, please notify the engineering team

Reviewer: Hm, I think what will end up happening is that someone on the eng team will just set the right status in Jira. Should we suggest that here? ("If this PR implements a feature flag or experimentation, the Ship Behind Feature Flag status in Jira has been set")

Author: That's fine.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] If this PR implements a feature flag or experimentation, the Ship Behind Feature Flag status in Jira has been set
```
